Yeah, 10 years ago.
The leaders of the three major families visited my master at Xuanji Gate
Xuanji old
Ask him to break the evil for your three families
At that time, only by lending me a pair of mysterious military eyes
The assassination ended
The old alliance leaders of the three major families returned the favor to me
One after another made an engagement with me
And now you will disappear
Not only does it not recognize this covenant
Also held a certificate competition to recruit relatives
May I ask if Sect Master Xiao is half ashamed?
Forget it, look at your kindness to my Xiao family back then
The old man will not embarrass you
You leave quickly
I want to participate in the competition to recruit relatives
Absolutely impossible
The surname is Luo, I advise you not to be ignorant of praise
What to cultivate immortals and break sand
In my opinion, it is simply a deception
Does the majesty hurt?
Don't know what's good
You are the subordinate of the mysterious door
Now it's a useless price
It can be seen that you have been
How muddled is it?
Ridiculous living
You are not qualified at all
Climb high to the Xiao family where we stabbed
If I am not qualified
So there is a calculation here
Are not eligible to applaud
I miss you both without home
I don't want to get too entangled with you
If you keep talking
Then don't blame me for being ruthless
Then I will ask Sect Master Xiao
You set the rules for this competition to recruit relatives yourself
Countable
Of course.
Today's competition is recruiting relatives
I give you the seven-star sword as a gift.
Unqualified to dance
I have passed the Sword Mirror test
But not qualified to dance
I will eat less of your Xiao family Liu Jinhan
But you are not qualified to advise your Xiao family
Since there are no rules
Then I will give you the Xiao family
Make rules